SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Fractions and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 105 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 27

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- solve the main idea of simplify and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- calculate numerator

PCK:
Content is accurate and appropriate to grade level with worked examples for simplify and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
a projector where power is available and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
The objective is shared with learners at the start.

CORE POINTS:
Fractions involves simplify. Learners should note that simplify is a key point of today's lesson.
Fractions involves numerator. Learners should note that numerator is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Fractions involves equivalent fractions. Learners should note that equivalent fractions is a key point of today's lesson.
Fractions involves addition. Learners should note that addition is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Fractions involves denominator. Learners should note that denominator is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Fractions involves simplify. Learners should note that simplify is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Through question and answer, learners brainstorm what they know about simplify and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Learners discuss numerator in small groups and present their findings to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher demonstrates equivalent fractions using TLMs while learners observe and ask questions.
Teacher writes notes about addition on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. Calculate the answer to the exercise on simplify on the board and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Explain the role of numerator in your own words.
3. Explain the role of equivalent fractions in your own words.
4. List 4 examples of addition and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Groups are mixed ability so learners support one another.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
A phase is missing and timings are absent.

CLOSURE:
Teacher summarises the key points of the lesson. Learners summarise in their own words what they have learnt. Teacher asks two questions to confirm attainment before dismissal.