SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Percentages and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 105 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 50

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- understand percent

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent.

RESOURCES:
None listed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Percentages involves percent. Learners should note that percent is a key point of today's lesson.
Percentages involves profit. Learners should note that profit is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about percent on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher demonstrates profit using TLMs while learners observe and ask questions and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher reads the section on conversion from the textbook.

EVALUATION:
1. Copy the notes from the board neatly into your exercise book and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Write five sentences about your last holiday.

DIFFERENTIATION:
No reference to differing learner needs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.