SUBJECT: English Language and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: Nouns and Pronouns and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 42 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 43

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic.

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for noun.

RESOURCES:
TLMs will be provided.

CORE POINTS:
Nouns and Pronouns involves noun. Learners should note that noun is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves proper noun. Learners should note that proper noun is a key point of today's lesson.
Nouns and Pronouns involves sentence. Learners should note that sentence is a key point of today's lesson.
Nouns and Pronouns involves common noun. Learners should note that common noun is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about noun on the board for learners to copy.
Teacher reads the section on proper noun from the textbook.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later.

DIFFERENTIATION:
No reference to differing learner needs.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
Lesson ends and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.