SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Fractions
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 48 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 37

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- learn about simplify

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
real objects collected from the school compound and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher begins the lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Fractions involves simplify. Learners should note that simplify is a key point of today's lesson.
Fractions involves numerator. Learners should note that numerator is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about simplify on the board for learners to copy.
Teacher demonstrates numerator using TLMs while learners observe and ask questions.
Learners discuss equivalent fractions in small groups and present their findings to the class.
Teacher explains denominator to the class.

EVALUATION:
1. Copy the notes from the board neatly into your exercise book and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
A support task with scaffolded steps is prepared for learners who struggle.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.