SUBJECT: Integrated Science
TOPIC: The Water Cycle
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 90 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 31

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for clouds.

RESOURCES:
a projector where power is available.

CORE POINTS:
The Water Cycle involves clouds. Learners should note that clouds is a key point of today's lesson.
The Water Cycle involves precipitation. Learners should note that precipitation is a key point of today's lesson.
The Water Cycle involves condensation. Learners should note that condensation is a key point of today's lesson.
The Water Cycle involves rivers. Learners should note that rivers is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about clouds on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Learners practise solving exercises on precipitation in pairs.
In groups, learners investigate condensation and record their observations and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher reads the section on rivers from the textbook and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. Calculate the answer to the exercise on clouds on the board and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Copy the notes from the board neatly into your exercise book.

DIFFERENTIATION:
No reference to differing learner needs.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
Lesson ends.