SUBJECT: Integrated Science
TOPIC: States of Matter and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 90 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 45

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- demonstrate the main idea of boiling
- describe melting and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

PCK:
Content is accurate and appropriate to grade level with worked examples for boiling and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
cardboard cut-outs prepared beforehand; a phone image of melting; worksheets on particles and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. Teacher reviews learners' previous knowledge of solid. This is connected to today's topic, States of Matter, and in particular to boiling. The objective is shared with learners at the start and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
States of Matter involves boiling. Learners should note that boiling is a key point of today's lesson.
States of Matter involves melting. Learners should note that melting is a key point of today's lesson.
States of Matter involves particles. Learners should note that particles is a key point of today's lesson.
States of Matter involves liquid. Learners should note that liquid is a key point of today's lesson.
States of Matter involves gas. Learners should note that gas is a key point of today's lesson.
States of Matter involves solid. Learners should note that solid is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Learners draw and label a chart of boiling in their exercise books.
In groups, learners investigate melting and record their observations.
Teacher explains particles to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Learners role-play the process of liquid in front of the class.
Learners role-play the process of gas in front of the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. Calculate the answer to the exercise on boiling on the board.
2. Describe how melting occurs.
3. What is meant by particles?

DIFFERENTIATION:
Key terms are explained in the local language where needed.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for boiling.

SEQUENCING:
A phase is missing and timings are absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CLOSURE:
Learners state the key points to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.