SUBJECT: Mathematics and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: Percentages and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 80 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 32

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- compare the main idea of discount
- identify decimal

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for discount and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
a projector where power is available; cardboard cut-outs prepared beforehand.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. Teacher revises the previous lesson on conversion. The objective is shared with learners at the start.

CORE POINTS:
Percentages involves discount. Learners should note that discount is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Percentages involves decimal. Learners should note that decimal is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Percentages involves percent. Learners should note that percent is a key point of today's lesson.
Percentages involves profit. Learners should note that profit is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
(15 minutes) Learners discuss discount in small groups and present their findings to the class.
(20 minutes) Teacher explains decimal to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
(20 minutes) Learners role-play the process of percent in front of the class.
(20 minutes) In groups, learners investigate profit and record their observations.

EVALUATION:
1. List 2 examples of discount.
2. Describe how decimal occurs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Questions are directed equally across the class. Slower learners receive targeted support during the group work.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for discount and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
Starter, main, and plenary are present and ordered. Timings are allocated.

CLOSURE:
The main points are consolidated on the board.