SUBJECT: English Language
TOPIC: Nouns and Pronouns and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 3
DURATION: 90 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 45

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic.

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
None listed.

CORE POINTS:
Nouns and Pronouns involves pronoun. Learners should note that pronoun is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves common noun. Learners should note that common noun is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher explains pronoun to the class.
Learners draw and label a chart of common noun in their exercise books and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher explains sentence to the class.

EVALUATION:
1. Write five sentences about your last holiday and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Calculate the answer to the exercise on common noun on the board and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
3. What is meant by sentence? and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
A challenge question is provided for the most able.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.