SUBJECT: English Language and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: Comprehension Skills and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 42 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 44

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- learn about context clues

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for context clues and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
a wall chart showing context clues.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. The objective is shared with learners at the start.

CORE POINTS:
Comprehension Skills involves context clues. Learners should note that context clues is a key point of today's lesson.
Comprehension Skills involves passage. Learners should note that passage is a key point of today's lesson.
Comprehension Skills involves summary. Learners should note that summary is a key point of today's lesson.
Comprehension Skills involves inference. Learners should note that inference is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher explains context clues to the class.
Learners draw and label a chart of passage in their exercise books and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher reads the section on summary from the textbook.

EVALUATION:
1. Copy the notes from the board neatly into your exercise book.
2. What is meant by passage?
3. Calculate the answer to the exercise on summary on the board.

DIFFERENTIATION:
All learners will do the same task.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for context clues.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
The main points are consolidated on the board.