SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Fractions and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 1
DURATION: 42 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 38

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- appreciate simplify

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for simplify.

RESOURCES:
a short video clip on simplify.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. The objective is shared with learners at the start and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Fractions involves simplify. Learners should note that simplify is a key point of today's lesson.
Fractions involves equivalent fractions. Learners should note that equivalent fractions is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Fractions involves addition. Learners should note that addition is a key point of today's lesson.
Fractions involves denominator. Learners should note that denominator is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about simplify on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
In groups, learners investigate equivalent fractions and record their observations.
Learners role-play the process of addition in front of the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. List 4 examples of simplify and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Describe how equivalent fractions occurs.
3. Describe how addition occurs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Key terms are explained in the local language where needed.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
A phase is missing and timings are absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CLOSURE:
Teacher summarises the key points of the lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.