SUBJECT: Integrated Science
TOPIC: Simple Machines
CLASS: JHS 3
DURATION: 60 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 53

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- compare the main idea of pulley
- identify fulcrum and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for pulley.

RESOURCES:
worksheets on pulley; counters for the group task; chalkboard and chalk.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher begins the lesson.

CORE POINTS:
Simple Machines involves pulley. Learners should note that pulley is a key point of today's lesson.
Simple Machines involves fulcrum. Learners should note that fulcrum is a key point of today's lesson.
Simple Machines involves load. Learners should note that load is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Simple Machines involves inclined plane. Learners should note that inclined plane is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
(15 minutes) Teacher reads the section on pulley from the textbook.
(15 minutes) Teacher writes notes about fulcrum on the board for learners to copy.
(10 minutes) Through question and answer, learners brainstorm what they know about load and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
(15 minutes) Learners draw and label a chart of inclined plane in their exercise books.

EVALUATION:
1. Explain the role of pulley in your own words and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Explain the role of fulcrum in your own words.
3. List 3 examples of load and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
4. List 2 examples of inclined plane.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Slower learners receive targeted support during the group work. Learners may first discuss in their mother tongue.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for pulley and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
Starter, main, and plenary are present and ordered. Timings are allocated.

CLOSURE:
Learners state the key points to the class.