SUBJECT: English Language
TOPIC: Nouns and Pronouns
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 70 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 34

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- identify the main idea of pronoun
- explain proper noun

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for pronoun and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
a ruler and measuring tape.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher begins the lesson.

CORE POINTS:
Nouns and Pronouns involves pronoun. Learners should note that pronoun is a key point of today's lesson.
Nouns and Pronouns involves proper noun. Learners should note that proper noun is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves sentence. Learners should note that sentence is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves subject. Learners should note that subject is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
(15 minutes) Learners practise solving exercises on pronoun in pairs.
(10 minutes) Learners practise solving exercises on proper noun in pairs.
(10 minutes) Learners discuss sentence in small groups and present their findings to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
(10 minutes) Teacher writes notes about subject on the board for learners to copy.
(15 minutes) Learners role-play the process of common noun in front of the class.

EVALUATION:
1. List 3 examples of pronoun and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
2. Calculate the answer to the exercise on proper noun on the board.
3. Describe how sentence occurs.
4. Calculate the answer to the exercise on subject on the board.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Key terms are explained in the local language where needed. A challenge question is provided for the most able.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for pronoun.

SEQUENCING:
Starter, main, and plenary are present and ordered. Timings are allocated.