SUBJECT: English Language and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: Nouns and Pronouns
CLASS: JHS 3
DURATION: 36 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 54

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- state the main idea of proper noun
- state sentence

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for proper noun and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
None listed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. Teacher revises the previous lesson on noun. The objective is shared with learners at the start and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Nouns and Pronouns involves proper noun. Learners should note that proper noun is a key point of today's lesson.
Nouns and Pronouns involves sentence. Learners should note that sentence is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves common noun. Learners should note that common noun is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves pronoun. Learners should note that pronoun is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher explains proper noun to the class.
Teacher reads the section on sentence from the textbook.
Learners practise solving exercises on common noun in pairs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. Describe how proper noun occurs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Provision is made for a learner with a hearing impairment. Key terms are explained in the local language where needed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
Learners state the key points to the class.