SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Area of Plane Shapes
CLASS: JHS 3
DURATION: 60 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 47

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic.

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for square.

RESOURCES:
a ruler and measuring tape.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class. This is connected to today's topic, Area of Plane Shapes, and in particular to square and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Area of Plane Shapes involves square. Learners should note that square is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Area of Plane Shapes involves formula. Learners should note that formula is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Area of Plane Shapes involves rectangle. Learners should note that rectangle is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Area of Plane Shapes involves length. Learners should note that length is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
(20 minutes) Teacher reads the section on square from the textbook.
(20 minutes) Learners practise solving exercises on formula in pairs.
(20 minutes) Learners discuss rectangle in small groups and present their findings to the class.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Questions are directed equally across the class. Learners with special educational needs are seated in front and given adapted materials.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for square and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
Starter, main, and plenary are present and ordered. Timings are allocated.

CLOSURE:
Teacher summarises the key points of the lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.