SUBJECT: English Language and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: Nouns and Pronouns and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 3
DURATION: 48 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 47

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic.

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

RESOURCES:
a whiteboard marker for key terms and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher begins the lesson.

CORE POINTS:
Nouns and Pronouns involves subject. Learners should note that subject is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Nouns and Pronouns involves common noun. Learners should note that common noun is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Learners draw and label a chart of subject in their exercise books and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher reads the section on common noun from the textbook.
Teacher reads the section on proper noun from the textbook.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later.

DIFFERENTIATION:
No reference to differing learner needs.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
A phase is missing and timings are absent.

CLOSURE:
Teacher summarises the key points of the lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.