SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Percentages
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 90 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 41

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- know decimal

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent.

RESOURCES:
TLMs will be provided and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class.

CORE POINTS:
Percentages involves decimal. Learners should note that decimal is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Percentages involves fraction. Learners should note that fraction is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher explains decimal to the class.
Learners role-play the process of fraction in front of the class.
Teacher writes notes about conversion on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
1. Copy the notes from the board neatly into your exercise book.
2. Write five sentences about your last holiday.

DIFFERENTIATION:
No reference to differing learner needs.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for decimal.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.