SUBJECT: English Language
TOPIC: Comprehension Skills and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 42 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 55

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- appreciate passage and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent.

RESOURCES:
None listed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Comprehension Skills involves passage. Learners should note that passage is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Comprehension Skills involves context clues. Learners should note that context clues is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Learners role-play the process of passage in front of the class.
Through question and answer, learners brainstorm what they know about context clues.
Learners discuss summary in small groups and present their findings to the class.
Learners discuss main idea in small groups and present their findings to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher writes notes about inference on the board for learners to copy.

EVALUATION:
1. Explain the role of passage in your own words.
2. Describe how context clues occurs.
3. Describe how summary occurs.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Learners may first discuss in their mother tongue.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for passage and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CLOSURE:
Learners summarise in their own words what they have learnt. Closing questions check whether the objective was met and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.