SUBJECT: English Language
TOPIC: Comprehension Skills and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 90 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 47

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- learn about main idea

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent.

RESOURCES:
TLMs will be provided and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Learners recall what they already know about summary and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Comprehension Skills involves main idea. Learners should note that main idea is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Comprehension Skills involves passage. Learners should note that passage is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Learners draw and label a chart of main idea in their exercise books.
Teacher explains passage to the class.
Teacher reads the section on inference from the textbook.
Learners practise solving exercises on context clues in pairs and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Key terms are explained in the local language where needed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.