SUBJECT: Integrated Science and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
TOPIC: The Water Cycle
CLASS: JHS 1
DURATION: 105 minutes
CLASS SIZE: 36

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to: and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
- know condensation

PCK:
Content is broadly correct but thin and generic for condensation.

RESOURCES:
flashcards for condensation; cardboard cut-outs prepared beforehand.

CORE POINTS:
The Water Cycle involves condensation. Learners should note that condensation is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
The Water Cycle involves rainfall. Learners should note that rainfall is a key point of today's lesson.
The Water Cycle involves precipitation. Learners should note that precipitation is a key point of today's lesson.
The Water Cycle involves rivers. Learners should note that rivers is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about condensation on the board for learners to copy.
In groups, learners investigate rainfall and record their observations.
Teacher demonstrates precipitation using TLMs while learners observe and ask questions and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

DIFFERENTIATION:
A support task with scaffolded steps is prepared for learners who struggle and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for condensation and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
A phase is missing and timings are absent and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CLOSURE:
Lesson ends.