SUBJECT: Mathematics
TOPIC: Area of Plane Shapes
CLASS: JHS 1
DURATION: 48 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 51

OBJECTIVES:
Teacher explains the lesson topic.

PCK:
Content is accurate and appropriate to grade level with worked examples for rectangle.

RESOURCES:
counters for the group task and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

INTRODUCTION:
Teacher opens with a short hook to settle the class.

CORE POINTS:
Area of Plane Shapes involves rectangle. Learners should note that rectangle is a key point of today's lesson.
Area of Plane Shapes involves triangle. Learners should note that triangle is a key point of today's lesson.
Area of Plane Shapes involves length. Learners should note that length is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Area of Plane Shapes involves breadth. Learners should note that breadth is a key point of today's lesson and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Area of Plane Shapes involves formula. Learners should note that formula is a key point of today's lesson.
Area of Plane Shapes involves square. Learners should note that square is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
Teacher writes notes about rectangle on the board for learners to copy.
Learners role-play the process of triangle in front of the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Learners discuss length in small groups and present their findings to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher explains breadth to the class.

EVALUATION:
1. Calculate the answer to the exercise on rectangle on the board.
2. Describe how triangle occurs.
3. List 2 examples of length.

DIFFERENTIATION:
An extension task is ready for learners who finish early and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Examples are textbook-bound and generic for rectangle and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
Teacher summarises the key points of the lesson. Closing questions check whether the objective was met and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.