SUBJECT: English Language
TOPIC: Comprehension Skills and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS: JHS 2
DURATION: 36 minutes and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
CLASS SIZE: 43

OBJECTIVES:
By the end of the lesson, the learner will be able to:
- understand summary and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

PCK:
The plan contains a factual or conceptual error, or content is absent.

RESOURCES:
None listed and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

CORE POINTS:
Comprehension Skills involves summary. Learners should note that summary is a key point of today's lesson.
Comprehension Skills involves main idea. Learners should note that main idea is a key point of today's lesson.

TEACHER-LEARNER ACTIVITIES:
In groups, learners investigate summary and record their observations and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher explains main idea to the class and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Learners draw and label a chart of passage in their exercise books and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.
Teacher writes notes about inference on the board for learners to copy and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EVALUATION:
Exercise to be given later.

DIFFERENTIATION:
Learners are grouped by ability for the practice task and this is something that the learners should really try to remember because it will come up again later in the term when we treat the next topic which is related to this one in several ways.

EXPLANATION STRATEGY:
Teacher talks through the topic.

SEQUENCING:
No discernible phase structure.

CLOSURE:
Lesson ends.